with media stepping down it was pretty
much like we didn't need someone to do
exactly what he did to make the team
function so we tried a different
direction where someone instead of
having like a veteran in this place we
had someone who's like very new in the
role well it's the fourth week of na LCS
I'm joined right now by probably 400
thieves to talk about a lot of different
stuff with comfort resented by Omni
slash probably 100 thieves in an
interesting position with the community
right now because there's some
interesting stuff that happened didn't
have a chance to talk to you anybody
from your team at ref rivals so now this
is the first chance we had to talk about
it so you guys had a very popular player
on the team who's no longer on the team
now and it was handled in kind of an
interesting way I think from the
community's perspective so what what
maybe you can tell me what the timeline
was on meteos departing the team um I
think the timeline was laid out I think
it's just we talked about rift rivals
roster told some day and Mediaset and
then later that night found out he
didn't want to stay on the team anymore
and then from there is okay finding
replacement instantly so that's how the
plan went down from my side and I didn't
have to do I didn't do any everything
else is out of my hands cuz I'm like I
I'm just gonna coach the team and focus
on coaching the team sure was there in
your mind was this like out of the blue
were you surprised whenever you heard
about this or like was it sort of like
things were building in this direction
anyway
uh I guess like I mean looking back at
it you could you know put the pieces
together a bit a bit but uh when I was
told that he wanted to look around for
new teams I was very surprised but I
think especially like my philosophy
behind coaching is like if a player
wants to go explore other teams like I
don't think the team's gonna work if I
use all my energy to like convince him
to stay so that was something like once
I was surprised about that I was like
all right this is like a decision I
don't think I could do my job properly
if I somehow convinced him to come back
and say like I think you need to like
want to work with me to make it work
because I'm hard to deal with I'm sure
so yeah that was very surprising once I
found out that yeah we weren't gonna try
this rift rival this thing out and then
go back to normal
sure what what was the decision behind
Honda why andhe um and it looked pretty
good for what we wanted in a jungler
because with media stepping down it was
pretty much like we didn't need someone
to do exactly what he did to make the
team function so we tried a different
direction where someone instead of
having like a veteran in this place we
had someone who's like very new in the
role and we wanted to like grow him from
there since I think yeah this says just
so many veterans on this roster I think
that was something I overlooked when I
was building the roster together how was
the what is the departure of media since
sort of the is it onda or anda do you
know I see I say
anda okay because his name's Andy so
that's similar but I catch myself saying
on the - okay I can't choose I always
hear andhe so I've been calling him but
I'll call him and oh because that sounds
like that's maybe the way I should go
Andy and okay with Andy coming in what
what is the difference on the team and
sort of the chemistry behind the scenes
all that kind of stuff like because this
is a probably a significant change cuz
meteos I feel like would probably be the
type of player that like really helps
define the team personality and sort of
how you build stuff in the game and also
yeah he just never had his own way of
wanting to do things and Andy's much
more like wanting to like follow what we
do and so now the position we're in is
like we have this guy who's like more
used to
following and we need to push them into
a more not leadership role but more
comfortable making his own style as well
I think that transition has been kind of
like we had to take a step back and
everything we did because like our
normal compositions that usually we
would have to like talk much about
because we play them so many times now
we're like running the same compositions
and like running into issues we didn't
have before because and is just not used
to like playing this with us so we're
kind of like catching up on everything
we used to do and then the great thing
is Met has been changing so much that
it's not like we need to like learn how
to play standard again I mean even you
saw today we're playing funnel with and
so it's pretty much like now the game is
moving so fast that plugging in a new
player is not like we have to go back
and play against teams that are gonna
play a strategy they played a hundred
times everyone including us is playing
stuff like pretty new so put in a min is
like doesn't really put us that far
behind compared to like maybe in spring
split that probably would be much harder
removed to make during the split so last
split you guys play a second now you
guys have like a new new jungler lineup
is a little different where would you
place the team right now in terms of
strength because I assume that when
you're replacing a veteran with the
rookie you can't have to start restart
thinking stuff you were experimenting
with a different roster at rift rivals
it's got to be a little different right
yeah I think I can't answer that for
them maybe like another week or so cuz
like I can't figure out all of our
strengths like total right now because
like when you put in a new player like
the strengths of the four are gonna
essentially say this I'm kind of like
the other four players don't change but
when you just put one piece that's
different like other people's strengths
that they didn't have before are gonna
kind of come out so I'm really excited
to see like what goes forward with this
roster and yeah I think this is our
first test with him you know being the
funnel er the support mid and I think
yeah when we played with meteos he was
always the bot laner so this is another
one like this kind of opens us up to
play different champions for instance so
we've never gotten to see some of these
like combinations that were playing but
yeah I think in a week or two
that we I'll be able to answer better
but one of the reasons I say that is
because I I assume that a lot of people
are looking at this roster looking at
hundred teams and saying like okay they
were a favorite to make it two worlds
before but now this might throw that up
in the air are you worried at all that
this has had that kind of effect that
that may be like the disruption of the
roster might have really weakened your
guys's position for headed to worlds mmm
not really
uh I mean maybe like the way I'm
thinking about is after the after medias
asked to look for other teams I'm sure
like fast-forward a month like say we
kept the same race drivers roster like
this couldn't have been the straw that
broke the camel's back so thinking about
it now it's like this probably would
have happened anyways in a different way
than if it's it was gonna blow up this
early so looking at now it's like yeah
we probably we're not gonna make it
throughout summer with the same roster
like keep the atmosphere proper so this
change doesn't seem like we're taking a
step back at look like this is this is
our best chance to keep going into
worlds behind the scenes do you think
that the players are kind of rallying
around the changes are the players in a
good place or is it is everybody kind of
still figuring out the situation Oh
everyone's still figuring out but
everyone's excited to make it work
because this is kind of like no one's
expecting to make another change we're
not expecting to do like more roster
stuff so everyone's just like full force
like this is what we're doing we're like
locked in let's go yeah so it sounds
like there's not a very high chance that
we would see the rift arrivals roster
return to normal LCS now what like the
current performance we're having I think
it just it would be changed for just the
sake of change and not for the sake of
like learning something new so I think
we got a lot of like information with
the riff rivals roster so unless like
meta changes like drastically or
something I think will probably keep
this until yeah we can max it out
oh that how are you now that we're done
with all the tough questions I just want
to check in I'm hot man why can we do an
interview in the Sun and the suit you
could address like me I can't just like
you look look at this guy who's got the
chest there
yeah the system is this the right amount
I'm going on camera baby
do you see German Poland parth used to
coach TSM and now they just have him do
you like all the menial labor he's
literally carrying luggage up the stairs
now isn't that could be you next year if
you don't figure if if you if this keeps
happening like I mean we have a locked
out he can't even get in the studio now
he's waiting for somebody to like come
let him in we just watch and can't help
I mean technically we could help we're
just bad people I think that's the more
information we're getting out of this
but no I mean um me and him have a
running joke because we always wanted to
like hang out but I was like coaches
we'd can't as much cuz it's like I don't
want to tell him stuff and he doesn't
tell me stuff you guys don't how to talk
about the pic and band for the next
match or whatever well why not cuz you
gonna come up maybe I getting out with
partha we talk about other stuff we talk
we talk about Peter really does he
respect your league Legends opinion but
you could talk about things that are not
League of Legends I know that this is
crazy to you I'm not about that life
but anyways your sing story without you
interrupting about that a story yeah
story is cuz I just want it to
eventually happen we're going to hang
out one day but until then we just keep
saying like hey great Tuesday night was
awesome man and that's how we talk to
each other now until eventually we'll
hang out and then that joke will die but
okay until then it's just forever
are you are you single right now or do
you want to disclose that you curious I
mean yes I'm single right now so here's
the thing you need to learn to talk
about things other than League of
Legends I see if I'm not gonna try to
date someone yeah cuz if you can't if
you can't go to dinner with somebody and
have a topic that is it League of
Legends which just sounds like your
situation is right now like that's gonna
be a limiting factor in your ability to
date people I mean I think the limiting
factor is I'm going out with alley
legends coach that's why I don't want to
talk about anything but League yeah
that's a limiting factor in my opinion I
hang out with right people when we don't
talk about League all the time I live
with Kobe I mean most of time we're not
talking about it was flat because no one
cares about what you have to say
let's be honest being honest rats tough
love is important a lot of people really
care okay I've got a YouTube channel 150
k subs they all care what I say DK just
hit that this week but there's still a
bunch of people that are watching this
video right now that haven't subbed so
do you do the click down below and make
sure to LIKE and then comment below and
in turn to get a t-shirt no they know
they know what they need to do and as
long as they don't they will suffer the
consequences that's a threat you
threatening yeah I'm threatening for
them to not see every video I put out
like they should yeah yet alright cool
that's that's like getting
excommunicated basically I think this is
not gonna go well this is gonna be
edited out no no no it won't be it won't
be if I worked at a big company maybe
but I don't care you know they're not
gonna sub them if they can't give me
that that I don't owe them anything what
does the sub do it increases the chance
that they see my content and it helps me
like if that number is bigger it's
easier for me to get sponsors and stuff
like that okay everyone I'm subscribed
quickly okay that's gonna get it it's
just gonna say we're just gonna edit it
so everyone solved quickly as fast as
you can
genius you're learning so much yeah well
all right well TSM is leaving so maybe
we should just wrap this up because it
probably means it's time for you to
leave yeah you have anything you want
saying thanks Travis for and as I can't
even lie like that
no thanks Travis I hate you Travis
that's honest you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things news for us
right here on my youtube channel
it's nice thing that Omni slash is still
written on this microphone because it
means that at least someone's giving
Travis money to for things like food
rent mainly to keep them off of my couch
and out of my life so please continue to
help support him and doing that like
subscribe comment do whatever it is that
he needs you to do support him